docs: Overhaul of the documentation (#1417)
aneoconsulting/armonik: .docs/content/quick-start/2.helloworld.md

```bash

Apply complete! Resources: 125 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
 Outputs:
 armonik = {
  "admin_app_url" = "http://10.100.1.166:5000/admin"
  "chaos_mesh_url" = null
  "control_plane_url" = "http://10.100.1.166:5001"
  "grafana_url" = "http://10.100.1.166:5000/grafana/"
  "seq_web_url" = "http://10.100.1.166:5000/seq/"
}

OUTPUT FILE: /home/ubuntu/ArmoniK/infrastructure/quick-deploy/localhost/generated/armonik-output.json
Run to point your ArmoniK CLI to this deployment:

------------------------------
export AKCONFIG=/home/ubuntu/ArmoniK/infrastructure/quick-deploy/localhost/generated/armonik-cli.yaml
```

### uv package manager

The worker deployed in the `pymonik` partition uses python `3.10.12`, in order to produce client code compatible with it, we will employ
the `uv` package manager, which allows to create a virtual environment targeting the version of python of our choice. If `uv` is not yet available

> in your system, you can installed following its [oficial documentation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your system, you can install it by following its [official documentation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).
```

```bash
mkdir hello_pymonik && cd hello_pymonik
uv init --python 3.10.12
```
Next, we can install the pymonik package:

```bash
uv add pymonik
```

## Step 2: Import Necessary Modules

Now you can edit a new `your_script_name.py` file with the editor of your choice and import the required modules to work with PymoniK.
You'll need the `Pymonik` context manager and the `task` decorator.

```python
from pymonik import Pymonik, task
```

## Step 3: Define Your Distributed Function

Create your distributed function using the `@task` decorator. In this case, we will create a simple function that just returns "hello world".

```python
@task
def hello_worlder():
    return "hello world"
```

## Step 4: Invoke Your Function

To run your `hello_worlder` function on the ArmoniK cluster, wrap your invocation in a `with PymoniK()` context. Call the `invoke()` method and wait for the result.

```python
with PymoniK():
    print(hello_worlder.invoke().wait().get())
```

## Step 5: Run the Complete Program

Combine all of the above steps:

```{code-block} python
:linenos:
from pymonik import PymoniK, task

@task
def hello_worlder():
    return "hello world"

if __name__ == "__main__":

>     with PymoniK(endpoint="http://10.100.1.166:5001):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    with PymoniK(endpoint="http://10.100.1.166:5001"):
```
